README.md, before:

## PHP Network Weathermap 0.98a

This is PHP Network Weathermap, version 0.98a by Howard Jones (howie@thingy.com)

See the docs sub-directory for full HTML documentation, FAQ and example config.

See CHANGES for the most recent updates, listed by version.

See COPYING for the license under which php-weathermap is released.

There is much more information, tutorials and updates available at:
    http://www.network-weathermap.com/

*IMPORTANT NOTE*: This version only works with Cacti 1.x.x

------

PHP Weathermap contains components from other software developers:

overlib.js is part of Overlib 4.21, copyright Erik Bosrup 1998-2004. All rights reserved.
See http://www.bosrup.com/web/overlib/?License

The Bitstream Vera Open Source fonts (Vera*.ttf) are copyright Bitstream, Inc.
See http://www.bitstream.com/font_rendering/products/dev_fonts/vera.html

The manual uses the Kube CSS Framework - http://imperavi.com/kube/
and ParaType's PT Sans font: http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/PT-Sans

jquery-latest.min.js is the jQuery javascript library - written by John Resig and collaborators.
http://docs.jquery.com/Licensing

Some of the icons used in the editor, and also supplied in the images/ folder are
from the excellent Fam Fam Fam Silk icon collection by Mark James: 
   http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
These are released under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/

Commit message:

Capturing some updates before XMas
**NOTE**: This version of Weathermap does not work 100%.  It is NOT ready for production or other use currently.  Just committing changes.

This commit has a number of changes that include:
* Bumping version
* Cacti PSR and correcting several issue areas (Not done)
* Remove need for legacy mysql*() calls
* Correcting multiple PHP8.1 & 8.2 warnings (Complete)
* Make most SQL statements Cacti centric (Not done)
* Start updating User interface (Not done)
* Create CHANGELOG.md deprecating CHANGELOG
* Starting internationalization (Not done)
* Updates to README.md

README.md, after:

# PHP Network Weathermap 1.0 - Alpha

This is PHP Network Weathermap fork, version 1.0 originally by Howard Jones (howie@thingy.com)

See the docs sub-directory for full HTML documentation, FAQ and example config.

See CHANGELOG.md for the most recent updates, listed by version.

See COPYING for the license under which php-weathermap is released.

There is much more information, tutorials and updates available at:
    http://www.network-weathermap.com/

*IMPORTANT NOTE*: This version only works with Cacti 1.x.x and is currently
under heavy development.  It is NOT production ready.

------

## PHP Weathermap contains components from other software developers:

* overlib.js is part of Overlib 4.21, copyright Erik Bosrup 1998-2004. All rights reserved.
  See http://www.bosrup.com/web/overlib/?License

* The Bitstream Vera Open Source fonts (Vera\*.ttf) are copyright Bitstream, Inc.
  See http://www.bitstream.com/font_rendering/products/dev_fonts/vera.html

* The manual uses the Kube CSS Framework - http://imperavi.com/kube/
  and ParaType's PT Sans font: http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/PT-Sans

* Some of the icons used in the editor, and also supplied in the images/ folder are
  from the excellent Fam Fam Fam Silk icon collection by Mark James: 
  http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
  These are released under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License
  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/
